okay Ben preseason now over and a few
words about the european trophy pretty
good games for the team especially in
the end there yeah it was great i
thought we got better as the tournament
went on and week after week we seem to
get stronger and play better as a unit
and I think heading into the regular
season we're really excited where our
team is at can you talk a little bit
about the differences if there are any
about that teams teams play compared to
last year you know I think we have a
good base and structure from last year
with Erica and we have most of the boys
back in the locker room from last year's
team so we understand what the coaches
are trying to tell us and I think after
this amount of time of practicing on it
that we're starting to get comfortable
with it so I think that shows in our
game when we can be controlled and have
the puck on our stick a lot and just
kind of dictate the tempo Steve Moses
had a pretty good pre-season there and I
watched the top scorers for that for
that teaming that in the european trophy
and you're playing with Stevie tomorrow
how how excited excited are you about
that oh it's awesome he's been a great
addition to us it's always nice to have
another American on the team and he's
got a lot of energy he plays the right
way he goes to the net and he's got a
knack for scoring goals so we're
definitely hoping he continues that
streak and we're happy he's here what
are they what's the atmosphere like in
that in the team now wet with their
season starting tomorrow no we're pretty
excited we obviously start at IFK
tomorrow night and that's always a big
rivalry for us but we're confident yet
humble and we know there's a lot of work
to be done but we like the direction
we're going you won six games in a row
against IFK does that play any part
tomorrow no it really doesn't every game
starts at zero like I said they're you
know ready to defend their home turf and
you know get three points and it's going
to be a great game like they all are and
you know six is great but score 0-0
starting tomorrow what are the important
things for for yogurt tomorrow we want
to stick to our game we want to have
control the puck we want to play as a
unit of five and just play aggressive
smart hockey so if we do that I think
we'll have a good chance of having some
success thanks a lot Ben and good luck
tomorrow great thank you